---Description---

Nov 12/10
. . . . . Added parts for Bi-Plane
. . . . . Added High lift wings ( 50% more surface area )
. . . . . Added Four sample model stl's in 1/10 models have flaws the parts don't
. . . . . Separated parts into 4 folders.
. . Basic_Plane_Parts.zip ( rubber band powered )
. . RC_Plane_parts.zip ( use with Basic parts for RC plane )
. . Bi-Plane_parts.zip ( can be used with Basic or RC Plane )
. . High_Lift_Wings.zip ( can be used with any configuration )

Total of 41 different parts to choose from.


Nov 9/10 Added engine model. It will have to be split if anyone wants to print it. I made it just for the rendering.

See renderings and 3D models for sample configurations.( many more possible )

There are three different landing gear nose cones. One for an electric motor and one for a nitromethane model aircraft engine. One for bi-plane. Both with motors will require modifications based on your motor choice.

Five different wings: w/ elevators/ailerons/flaps , w/ flaps and ailerons, Fixed, High lift w/ ailerons/flaps, and High lift fixed. As well as vertical stabilizer w/ rudder and w/o rudder.
Use High lift wings for front whenever possible

Plus many more parts 41 parts total as of Nov 12/10

Oct 29/10 Propeller thingiverse.com/thing:4628

Rubber band powered airplane designed to be printable on a 100mm x 100mm build surface. Designed modularly so it can be reconfigured as a multi-winged aircraft. (like the ones from the early days of flight, bi-plane, tri-plane, etc.) All pieces snap together and shouldn't require any glue.The wings are set at 6 degrees of attack and are deep camber, high lift, low speed airfoils.
Print as low of density as possible for weight reduction.

As pictured and scaled it has a wing span of approx 400mm

Or
use a Rubber band to launch it as a glider,
make it into an RC plane,
just display it in your collection of stuff you've printed,
hang it from your ceiling and power it by a Rubber band or motor 


---Instructions---

Rubber Band powered instructions.

Use High lift wings for front wings!!!!

1) Print All required parts

2) Cover wings with packing tape (be sure to cut off excess don't just fold it over)

3) Snap all pieces together.

4) Tie strings to the holes in each wing to act as tension wires (string).

5) Tie strings from wing ends to the upper strut and vertical stabilizer.

6) Attach propeller as on any other rubber band powered airplanes.

